the cup final
the athletic stadium of madrid
yanfei captains necklace change pennants with greetings de rigueur
they correspond to the zaragoza white shirt
the first time of great game of the Aragonese
jones boarding will not be effective for the success of the defense
zaragozana
in the counterattack villa star the ball on a post
at 18 minutes it will register the first goal a center of the petra
pumped and half a turn retires after hitting the post and bouncing on
the goalkeeper
the zaragoza is imposing tenaciously its effective and dominating game
at 33 minutes villa goes in diagonally and crosses a shot that entered by
an unlikely 2 0 loophole for payment
the captains are present that all the teams that in 25 years
they have won the cup
montalvo third
world and gento
in the second half the athletic comes out willing to play the unfavorable
result and harassment of the goal defended by a letter that shows off at stops
spectacular
now the attacker is zaragoza
canary fights defending possession of the ball and manages to change with
marcelino and saints
the athletic reaction maintain its fruit dif advances its position
and arrives until the adversary goal strips state rejected the stringer piccardo the
ends by marking the only blur
since it is no longer done
the zaragoza has been proclaimed for the first time cup champion
see the future between players and followers
this campus and not deprived in suspense by an enthusiast
Applause at the open door
the generalissimo deliver the cup to the goalkeeper yarza captain of zaragoza
the union of his teammates
He is about to go around the field carrying the troop high
santillán lieutenant conquests